docs/index.md, before:

# SAFETAG Toolkit

SAFETAG is a curricula, a methodology, and a framework for security auditors working with advocacy groups.

## Features

This toolkit currently enables users to:
 - Deploy and navigate a local version of the SAFETAG content
 - Customise SAFETAG content locally and preview changes including
    - Modifying the taxonomy
    - Modifying activities

## Components

The SAFETAG framework includes:
 - A command line tool to manage content workflows for the SAFETAG project.
 - Content packages:
    - `safetag-toolkit` content package.
    - (soon) `safetag-guide`
    - (soon) `safetag-curricula`

## Documentation

The documentation includes:
 - A [Getting Started Guide](guide.md) - (view as an [online presentation](https://cdn.rawgit.com/contentascode/safetag/d0f50a3e/docs/guide.html))
 - A [website about the content as code framework concepts](http://iilab.github.io/contentascode/) - The SAFETAG Toolkit uses the content as code framework and `docsmith`.

## Next

Future possible work includes:
 - Setup content repository with git to allow:
    - Contributions via pull requests
    - Content package updates preserving local changes.
 - Deeper integration with Atom including
    - Linting to enforce consistent markdown style and report errors in real time.
 - Audit Planning/Reporting
    - Provide audit templates.
    - Customise an audit plan.
    - Create audit report

Commit message:

First stab at contribution and migration guides. #10

docs/index.md, after:

# SAFETAG Toolkit

SAFETAG is a curricula, a methodology, and a framework for security auditors working with advocacy groups.

## Features

This toolkit currently enables users to:
 - Deploy and navigate a local version of the SAFETAG content. (See [Getting Started Guide](guide.md))
 - Customise SAFETAG content locally and preview changes including
    - Modifying the taxonomy
    - Modifying activities
    - Contribute back your changes. (See [Contribution](contribution.md))
- Migrate content from the existing [SAFETAG](https://github.com/SAFETAG/SAFETAG) repo. (See [Migration](migration.md))

## Components

The SAFETAG framework includes:
 - A command line tool to manage content workflows for the SAFETAG project.
 - Content packages:
    - `safetag-toolkit` content package.
    - (soon) `safetag-guide`
    - (soon) `safetag-curricula`

## Documentation

The documentation includes:
 - A [Getting Started Guide](guide.md) - (view as an [online presentation](https://cdn.rawgit.com/contentascode/safetag/d0f50a3e/docs/guide.html))
 - A [website about the content as code framework concepts](http://iilab.github.io/contentascode/) - The SAFETAG Toolkit uses the content as code framework and `docsmith`.

## Next

Future possible work includes:
 - Setup content repository with git to allow:
    - Contributions via pull requests
    - Content package updates preserving local changes.
 - Deeper integration with Atom including
    - Linting to enforce consistent markdown style and report errors in real time.
 - Audit Planning/Reporting
    - Provide audit templates.
    - Customise an audit plan.
    - Create audit report
